Bitcoin has failed

On the night of 1066 somewhere north of a force of massed on the beaches of Normandy. This horde descended upon the shores of England and began a campaign of democide to subdue the anglosaxon populace. Many a people have suffered this fate.
Why does our story begin here?
fast forward

Probably at much the same time Domesday Book began to assume its reputation as an authority unparalleled in this worldly realm. It is variously referred to in the official records as 'the king's book', 'th
for as the sentence of that strict and terrible last account cannot be evaded by any skillful subterfuge, so when this book is appealed to ... its sentence cannot be quashed or set aside with impunity. That is why we have called the book 'the Book of Judgement,' not because it contains decisions on various difficult points, but because its decisions, like those of the Last Judgement, are unalterable. 

English Protestants rebel against their King and the largely Norman aristocracy ultimately committing regicide. Their efforts fail. Some travel to the New World. George Washington a top his horse, a descendant of ___, a norman.

Many will recall the great compromise but few are aware of its roots and antecedents in the Norman conquest. Again, many are familiar with the arguments that the civil war was not about slavery. It was about North vs South, slave power vs the industrial north. Many can pierce this veneer and find the idealistic protestant northern thesis wrestling with the southern norman thesis but few can trace it all the way back to it's norman-anglosaxon roots. These same theses play themselves today along the san andrease fault. In San Francisco and idealistic vision for transforming the world wrestles with a plutocratic elitism. The landowning class in San Francisco. And the real estate.

What does this have to do with property and currency and bitcoin?
Nearly a millenium after the norman conquest we still live with its effects. Blacks remain an opressed underclass in the United States progress often just a veneer Why? Extreme walrasian dynamics.

The same holds true for nation states. Debtor nation Haiti is still paying
Debt, and the credit infrastructure that comes with it, is in many ways and in many cases a socially acceptable mechanism for putting some on top and some on bottom. They involve less blood upfront and directly on the hands of the uppers but they preserve the tonicity all the same. If you account for worse medical outcomes and shorter lifespans among oppressed peoples, the blood is still there.

It's important to understand that bitcoin has already failed. It's equally important to understand that it's also still the best shot we've got. Perhaps we can progress to a new 
The wrestling theses and the synthesis. This is the driving dialectic. The engine of history. What synthesis will come next? Will the oppressed-opportunists seek a new New World? The process has already begun. 
William the Conquerer and his cohorts were able to transform the list of who has what by force. The blockchain, like the domesday book is a list of who has what. Will it be invulnerable to this sort of attack? It's two soon to say.